Explicitly document Microsoft tenant's limitation on device code and Microsoft Graph (#3174)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/microsoft-graph-migration.md

### Graph command fails with `AADSTS50005` or `AADSTS53000`

> Your tenant may have Conditional Access policies that block using device code flow to access Microsoft Graph. In such case, use authorization code flow or service principal to sign in instead. For more information about signing in methods, please see [Sign in with Azure CLI](authenticate-azure-cli.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your tenant may have Conditional Access policies that block using device code flow to access Microsoft Graph. In such cases, use authorization code flow or a service principal to sign in instead. For more information about sign in methods, please see [Sign in with Azure CLI](authenticate-azure-cli.md).
```
